.TH IPTKOVR 8l "20th May r
.SH NAME
.B iptkovr
- monitors a remote ip and assigns that ip to a virtual interface on
another host if it becomes unavailable.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBiptkovr\fR
[\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR]
[\fB-d\fR]
[\fB-v \fR]
[\fIconfig_id>\fR]
.br
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B iptkovr
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B iptkovr
uses  the configuration id as a lookup key to the configuration file
.I /usr/local/etc/iptkovr.cf
to find essential details. The target host's IP address is monitored using
.B ping .
The interval between pings may be set in 
.I configuration\ file
but otherwise defaults to 10 seconds.
.LP
if the target host does not respond 
.B iptkovr 
will wait for a further 
.I sleep
period then try one more time before concluding that the target is not going
to come back on line.
.LP
The target IP is then assigned to a virtual interface on the backup/clone 
server.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -c
Use the specified configuration file in preference to the default
\fI"/usr/local/etc/iptkovr.cf"\fR.
If no configuration file is found the 
script will terminate with an error message. 
.TP 5
.B -d
Set debug mode on. 
The \fB-x\fR option is set within the shell
and each command in the script is echoed to the console.
.TP 5
.B -v
When set 
.B iptkovr
will report significant actions to 
.IR standard error .
.TP 5
<\fIconfig_id\fR>
The configuration identity is the key to the stanza in the configuration
file which will be used to determine the required \fBURI\fR for the stats
report.
.SH FILES
.IR iptkovr.cf .
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.ft CW
	iptkovr -v memnon 
.ft R
.LP
.SH BUGS
The script is quite crude and has very little, if any,  error checking.
The consequences of unexpected input are untested.
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR chkup .
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
.SH HISTORY
